feat: add Cairo VM builtins documentation (#911)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch204-01-how-builtins-work.md

Reviewer: in general in this section it's confusing to read "asserting a value to a cell". I would pick another wording. 
In most cases you dont care whether you assign a value to a cell with `assert` or `write` or anything - either the cell contains a value or it doesn't and you can write a value / assign a value

Author: Agree, I was trying to systematically use `assert` rather than `write` but it makes sentences confusing imho.

If in the memory model chapter the non-deterministic part is explained and we state that for simplicity we'll use `write`, it should be fine (Write-once being a special view of the Non-Deterministic Read-Only during a Cairo VM run).

Reviewer: I think it's fine to use `write` because eventually that's what happens when the memory cell is empty, it's being written

# How Builtins Work

> In this section, we'll see how builtins work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Builtins are AIRs that enforce specific properties.

Reviewer: is _AIR_ defined before? (I suppose in the Architecture section)

Author: yes, _AIR_ will be defined in the Architecture section

During a program execution, a builtin is assigned

> a memory segment with properties that match its AIR.

Reviewer: this is a bit too abstract to understand on the first read

> When reading a cell value or asserting a value to a cell,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading a memory cell value or asserting the value contained in a cell,
```

remark: perhaps "asserting the value contained in a cell" could be rephrased better. In general you either read, or write

the properties of the builtin must always hold.

> If it doesn't, it means that the program execution

Reviewer: the properties > plural

```suggestion
If they don't, it means that the program execution
```

cannot be proven, and the Cairo VM terminates.

There are two types of properties for builtin segments,
_validation_ and _deduction_ properties.

## Validation Property

A validation property defines constraints a value must
hold to be asserted in a cell of a builtin segment.

For example, the _Output_ builtin only accepts felts.

> Trying to assert a relocatable to one of its cells would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trying to assert a _relocatable_ to one of its cells would
```

> make the Cairo VM throw.

Reviewer: throw what?

panic / exit / fail maybe

## Deduction Property

Deduction properties are used for builtins that compute
a value based on some other values. To properly work,
the builtin is split into blocks of cells, with _input_
and _output_ cells.

The input cells might hold a validation property (e.g. only felts).
This property could either be checked when asserting a value to the cell,
or when reading an output cell, thus using the input cells.

The output cells are computed from the input cells' value and
the specification of the builtin.

From the point of view of the prover, while the input cells
are directly asserted to, the output cells are only read, they are
computed nondeterministically. When read, their value is
computed and then asserted to the cell.

> If not read, the cell will be left empty.

Reviewer: i feel like this is a bit clunky and hard to read / understand

Author: I'm refactoring the whole section, to be clearer and direct
